# crash-2026-03-14-23-43-02.log
**AUTOSCAN REPORT GENERATED BY CLASSIC v9.0.0**

> **FOR BEST VIEWING EXPERIENCE OPEN THIS FILE IN NOTEPAD++ OR SIMILAR**

> **PLEASE READ EVERYTHING CAREFULLY AND BEWARE OF FALSE POSITIVES**

---

### Error Information

**Main Error:** Unhandled exception "EXCEPTION_ACCESS_VIOLATION" at 0x7FF606387388 Fallout4.exe+05D7388	mov r9d, [rax+r8*4] 
  TESQuest::IsStageDone(ushort)_5D7388)

**Detected Addictol Version:** Addictol v1.0.0 Feb 16 2026 08:02:06

***❌ WARNING: YOUR Addictol IS OUTDATED! PLEASE UPDATE TO A VALID VERSION!***

---

### Checking for Known Crash Messages, Errors and Suspects

* **NO SUSPECTS DETECTED** *

---

* NOTICE: FCX MODE IS ENABLED. CLASSIC MUST BE RUN BY THE ORIGINAL USER FOR CORRECT DETECTION * 

[ To disable mod & game files detection, disable FCX Mode in the exe or CLASSIC Settings.yaml ] 

### Checking For Mods That HAVE SOLUTIONS

**[!] FOUND : [1A] Homemaker**

- Causes a crash while scrolling over Military / BoS fences in the Settlement Menu.  
  Advised Fix: Make sure you are using at least version 1.73 of this mod.  
  Alternate Fix: https://www.nexusmods.com/fallout4/mods/41434?tab=files  
-----  
**[!] FOUND : [47] Natural And Atmospheric Commonwealth**

- If you notice weird looking skin tones with either NAC or NACX, install this patch.  
  Patch Link: https://www.nexusmods.com/fallout4/mods/57052?tab=files  
-----  
**[!] FOUND : [A9] Looks Menu Customization Compendium**

- If you are getting broken hair colors, install this mod and make sure it loads after LMCC.  
  Mod Link: https://www.nexusmods.com/fallout4/mods/18287?tab=files  
-----  
### Checking for Important Mods

✔️ Canary Save File Monitor is installed!

✔️ High FPS Physics Fix is installed!

✔️ Previs Repair Pack (PRP) is installed!

✔️ Unofficial Fallout 4 Patch is installed!

✔️ Nvidia Weapon Debris Fix is installed!

### Checking for Plugin-related Errors

The following PLUGINS were found in the CRASH STACK:
- ss2.esm | 20
- ss2_xpac_chapter3.esm | 7
- m8r complex sorter.esp | 3

[Last number counts how many times each Plugin Suspect shows up in the crash log.]
These Plugins were caught by Addictol and some of them might be responsible for this crash.
You can try disabling these plugins and check if the game still crashes, though this method can be unreliable.

### Checking FormIDs

- SS2.esm | 1000E6D0 | SS2_Jake | 10
- SS2.esm | 10020F21 | [PlacedNpcBinaryOverlay_020F21] | 10
- SS2_XPAC_Chapter3.esm | 120051F8 | SS2C3_MQ28 | 3
- SS2_XPAC_Chapter3.esm | 1200556F | SS2C3_MQ28_10b_NeilAlive | 7

[Last number counts how many times each Form ID shows up in the crash log.]
These Form IDs were caught by Addictol and some of them might be related to this crash.
You can try searching any listed Form IDs in xEdit and see if they lead to relevant records.

### Checking for Named Records

- (void* -> Addictol.dll+01DA290	shr byte ptr [rbx+0x7FFE78D2], 0x01 |  ??_7simple_scope_lock@_internal@core@voltek@@6B@_1DA290) | 1
- EditorID: "SS2C3_MQ28" | 3
- EditorID: "SS2C3_MQ28_10b_NeilAlive" | 7
- GetFullName: "[JCW_SS2Logo] Flickerin' Lights" | 3

[Last number counts how many times each Named Record shows up in the crash log.]
These records were caught by Addictol and some of them might be related to this crash.
Named records should give extra info on involved game objects, record types or mod files.

---

### End of Report

Generated by CLASSIC v9.0.0

---

Author/Made By: Poet (guidance.of.grace) | https://discord.gg/DfFYJtt8p4

CONTRIBUTORS | evildarkarchon | kittivelae | AtomicFallout757 | wxMichael

FO4 CLASSIC | https://www.nexusmods.com/fallout4/mods/56255
