# crash-2026-03-09-09-02-16.log
**AUTOSCAN REPORT GENERATED BY CLASSIC v9.1.0**

> **FOR BEST VIEWING EXPERIENCE OPEN THIS FILE IN NOTEPAD++ OR SIMILAR**

> **PLEASE READ EVERYTHING CAREFULLY AND BEWARE OF FALSE POSITIVES**

---

### Error Information

**Main Error:** Unhandled exception "EXCEPTION_ACCESS_VIOLATION" at 0x7FF95950A43E EquipSettlerCL.dll+002A43E	movzx eax, byte ptr [rcx+0x1A] 
  C:\Modding\f4se\F4_AG_CL_XMake_110163\EquipSettlerCL\src\Papyrus.cpp:1096 int (mangled: ?HasAnyKeyword_Internal@@YA_NPEAVTESForm@RE@@V?$unordered_set@IU?$hash@I@std@@U?$equal_to@I@2@V?$allocator@I@2@@std@@@Z))

**Detected Addictol Version:** Addictol v1.0.0 Feb 16 2026 08:02:06

***❌ WARNING: YOUR Addictol IS OUTDATED! PLEASE UPDATE TO A VALID VERSION!***

---

### Checking for Known Crash Messages, Errors and Suspects

- **Checking for Script Crash...................................... SUSPECT FOUND! > Severity : 3** 

-----
* NOTICE : MAIN ERROR REPORTS THAT A DLL FILE WAS INVOLVED IN THIS CRASH! * 
If that dll file belongs to a mod, that mod is a prime suspect for the crash. 

-----
* **ONE OR MORE SUSPECTS DETECTED! CHECK LOG ABOVE FOR MORE INFORMATION!** *

---

* NOTICE: FCX MODE IS ENABLED. CLASSIC MUST BE RUN BY THE ORIGINAL USER FOR CORRECT DETECTION * 

[ To disable mod & game files detection, disable FCX Mode in the exe or CLASSIC Settings.yaml ] 

### Checking FormIDs


[Last number counts how many times each Form ID shows up in the crash log.]
These Form IDs were caught by Addictol and some of them might be related to this crash.
You can try searching any listed Form IDs in xEdit and see if they lead to relevant records.

### Checking for Named Records

* COULDN'T FIND ANY NAMED RECORDS *

---

### End of Report

Generated by CLASSIC v9.1.0

---

Author/Made By: Poet (guidance.of.grace) | https://discord.gg/DfFYJtt8p4

CONTRIBUTORS | evildarkarchon | kittivelae | AtomicFallout757 | wxMichael

FO4 CLASSIC | https://www.nexusmods.com/fallout4/mods/56255
