# crash-2025-11-14-05-52-19.log
**AUTOSCAN REPORT GENERATED BY CLASSIC v9.0.0**

> **FOR BEST VIEWING EXPERIENCE OPEN THIS FILE IN NOTEPAD++ OR SIMILAR**

> **PLEASE READ EVERYTHING CAREFULLY AND BEWARE OF FALSE POSITIVES**

---

### Error Information

**Main Error:** Unhandled exception "EXCEPTION_ACCESS_VIOLATION" at 0x7FF925F4AF4B nvwgf2umx.dll+011AF4B	mov rax, [rax]

**Detected Buffout 4 Version:** Buffout 4 v1.37.0 Mar 12 2025 22:11:48

✅ *You have a valid version of Buffout 4!*

---

### Checking for Known Crash Messages, Errors and Suspects

- **Checking for Nvidia Driver Crash............................... SUSPECT FOUND! > Severity : 5** 

-----
* NOTICE : MAIN ERROR REPORTS THAT A DLL FILE WAS INVOLVED IN THIS CRASH! * 
If that dll file belongs to a mod, that mod is a prime suspect for the crash. 

-----
* **ONE OR MORE SUSPECTS DETECTED! CHECK LOG ABOVE FOR MORE INFORMATION!** *

---

* NOTICE: FCX MODE IS ENABLED. CLASSIC MUST BE RUN BY THE ORIGINAL USER FOR CORRECT DETECTION * 

[ To disable mod & game files detection, disable FCX Mode in the exe or CLASSIC Settings.yaml ] 

### Checking for Settings-related Issues

✔️ Memory Manager parameter is correctly configured for use with X-Cell in your Buffout 4 settings!

-----
✔️ Havok Memory System parameter is correctly configured for use with X-Cell in your Buffout 4 settings!

-----
✔️ BSTextureStreamerLocalHeap parameter is correctly configured for use with X-Cell in your Buffout 4 settings!

-----
✔️ Scaleform Allocator parameter is correctly configured for use with X-Cell in your Buffout 4 settings!

-----
✔️ Small Block Allocator parameter is correctly configured for use with X-Cell in your Buffout 4 settings!

-----
✔️ F4EE (Looks Menu) parameter is correctly configured in your Buffout 4 settings!

-----
✔️ Achievements parameter is correctly configured in your Buffout 4 settings! 

-----
### Checking For Mods That HAVE SOLUTIONS

**[!] FOUND : [22] Homemaker**

- Causes a crash while scrolling over Military / BoS fences in the Settlement Menu.  
  Advised Fix: Make sure you are using at least version 1.73 of this mod.  
  Alternate Fix: https://www.nexusmods.com/fallout4/mods/41434?tab=files  
-----  
**[!] FOUND : [BD] Looks Menu Customization Compendium**

- If you are getting broken hair colors, install this mod and make sure it loads after LMCC.  
  Mod Link: https://www.nexusmods.com/fallout4/mods/18287?tab=files  
-----  
### Checking for Important Mods

✔️ Canary Save File Monitor is installed!

✔️ High FPS Physics Fix is installed!

✔️ Previs Repair Pack (PRP) is installed!

✔️ Unofficial Fallout 4 Patch is installed!

✔️ Nvidia Weapon Debris Fix is installed!

### Checking for Plugin-related Errors

* COULDN'T FIND ANY PLUGIN SUSPECTS *

### Checking for Named Records

* COULDN'T FIND ANY NAMED RECORDS *

---

### End of Report

Generated by CLASSIC v9.0.0

---

Author/Made By: Poet (guidance.of.grace) | https://discord.gg/DfFYJtt8p4

CONTRIBUTORS | evildarkarchon | kittivelae | AtomicFallout757 | wxMichael

FO4 CLASSIC | https://www.nexusmods.com/fallout4/mods/56255
