# crash-2025-10-15-06-23-06.log
**AUTOSCAN REPORT GENERATED BY CLASSIC v9.1.0**

> **FOR BEST VIEWING EXPERIENCE OPEN THIS FILE IN NOTEPAD++ OR SIMILAR**

> **PLEASE READ EVERYTHING CAREFULLY AND BEWARE OF FALSE POSITIVES**

---

### Error Information

**Main Error:** Unhandled exception "EXCEPTION_ACCESS_VIOLATION" at 0x7FF6AA91E0BB Fallout4.exe+034E0BB	mov rcx, [rcx+0x08] 
  WeaponUtils::HasObject(TESNPC&,uint)_34E0BB)

**Detected Buffout 4 Version:** Buffout 4 v1.37.0 Mar 12 2025 22:11:48

***❌ WARNING: YOUR Buffout 4 IS OUTDATED! PLEASE UPDATE TO A VALID VERSION!***

---

### Checking for Known Crash Messages, Errors and Suspects

- **Checking for *[Item Crash]..................................... SUSPECT FOUND! > Severity : 1** 

-----
* **ONE OR MORE SUSPECTS DETECTED! CHECK LOG ABOVE FOR MORE INFORMATION!** *

---

* NOTICE: FCX MODE IS ENABLED. CLASSIC MUST BE RUN BY THE ORIGINAL USER FOR CORRECT DETECTION * 

[ To disable mod & game files detection, disable FCX Mode in the exe or CLASSIC Settings.yaml ] 

### Checking for Settings-related Issues

✔️ Memory Manager parameter is correctly configured for use with X-Cell in your Buffout 4 settings!

-----
✔️ Havok Memory System parameter is correctly configured for use with X-Cell in your Buffout 4 settings!

-----
✔️ BSTextureStreamerLocalHeap parameter is correctly configured for use with X-Cell in your Buffout 4 settings!

-----
✔️ Scaleform Allocator parameter is correctly configured for use with X-Cell in your Buffout 4 settings!

-----
✔️ Small Block Allocator parameter is correctly configured for use with X-Cell in your Buffout 4 settings!

-----
✔️ F4EE (Looks Menu) parameter is correctly configured in your Buffout 4 settings!

-----
✔️ Achievements parameter is correctly configured in your Buffout 4 settings! 

-----
### Checking For Mods That HAVE SOLUTIONS

**[!] FOUND : [A1] Looks Menu Customization Compendium**

- If you are getting broken hair colors, install this mod and make sure it loads after LMCC.  
  Mod Link: https://www.nexusmods.com/fallout4/mods/18287?tab=files  
-----  
### Checking for Important Mods

✔️ Canary Save File Monitor is installed!

✔️ High FPS Physics Fix is installed!

✔️ Previs Repair Pack (PRP) is installed!

✔️ Unofficial Fallout 4 Patch is installed!

✔️ Nvidia Weapon Debris Fix is installed!

### Checking for Plugin-related Errors

The following PLUGINS were found in the CRASH STACK:
- community fixes merged.esp | 4

[Last number counts how many times each Plugin Suspect shows up in the crash log.]
These Plugins were caught by Buffout 4 and some of them might be responsible for this crash.
You can try disabling these plugins and check if the game still crashes, though this method can be unreliable.

### Checking FormIDs

- Fallout4.esm | 00148B42 | Gutsy01RightArmSawOBSOLETE | 4
- Fallout4.esm | 001E203B | DN136_RR_InstituteSynthGen3Female02 | 4

[Last number counts how many times each Form ID shows up in the crash log.]
These Form IDs were caught by Buffout 4 and some of them might be related to this crash.
You can try searching any listed Form IDs in xEdit and see if they lead to relevant records.

### Checking for Named Records

- EditorID: "Gutsy01RightArmSawOBSOLETE" | 4
- GetFullName: "Rebel Synth" | 2
- GetFullName: "Saw" | 4
- Name: "OneHandSword" | 4

[Last number counts how many times each Named Record shows up in the crash log.]
These records were caught by Buffout 4 and some of them might be related to this crash.
Named records should give extra info on involved game objects, record types or mod files.

---

### End of Report

Generated by CLASSIC v9.1.0

---

Author/Made By: Poet (guidance.of.grace) | https://discord.gg/DfFYJtt8p4

CONTRIBUTORS | evildarkarchon | kittivelae | AtomicFallout757 | wxMichael

FO4 CLASSIC | https://www.nexusmods.com/fallout4/mods/56255
