# crash-2025-04-22-05-05-02.log
**AUTOSCAN REPORT GENERATED BY CLASSIC v8.2.0**

> **FOR BEST VIEWING EXPERIENCE OPEN THIS FILE IN NOTEPAD++ OR SIMILAR**

> **PLEASE READ EVERYTHING CAREFULLY AND BEWARE OF FALSE POSITIVES**

---

### Error Information

**Main Error:** Unhandled exception "EXCEPTION_ACCESS_VIOLATION" at 0x7FFAE93528A7 cbp.dll+00028A7	mov rdx, [rax+0x3D8]

**Detected Buffout 4 Version:** Buffout 4 v1.37.0 Mar 12 2025 22:11:48

✅ *You have the latest version of Buffout 4!*

---

### Checking for Known Crash Messages, Errors and Suspects

- **Checking for Body Physics Crash................................ SUSPECT FOUND! > Severity : 4** 

-----
- **Checking for Player Character Crash............................ SUSPECT FOUND! > Severity : 3** 

-----
- **Checking for *[Input Crash].................................... SUSPECT FOUND! > Severity : 1** 

-----
* NOTICE : MAIN ERROR REPORTS THAT A DLL FILE WAS INVOLVED IN THIS CRASH! * 
If that dll file belongs to a mod, that mod is a prime suspect for the crash. 

-----
* **ONE OR MORE SUSPECTS DETECTED! CHECK LOG ABOVE FOR MORE INFORMATION!** *

---

* NOTICE: FCX MODE IS DISABLED. YOU CAN ENABLE IT TO DETECT PROBLEMS IN YOUR MOD & GAME FILES * 

[ FCX Mode can be enabled in the exe or CLASSIC Settings.yaml located in your CLASSIC folder. ] 

### Checking for Settings-related Issues

✔️ Achievements parameter is correctly configured in your Buffout 4 settings! 

-----
✔️ Memory Manager parameter is correctly configured for use with X-Cell in your Buffout 4 settings!

-----
✔️ Havok Memory System parameter is correctly configured for use with X-Cell in your Buffout 4 settings!

-----
✔️ BSTextureStreamerLocalHeap parameter is correctly configured for use with X-Cell in your Buffout 4 settings!

-----
✔️ Scaleform Allocator parameter is correctly configured for use with X-Cell in your Buffout 4 settings!

-----
✔️ Small Block Allocator parameter is correctly configured for use with X-Cell in your Buffout 4 settings!

-----
✔️ F4EE (Looks Menu) parameter is correctly configured in your Buffout 4 settings! 

-----
### Checking For Mods That HAVE SOLUTIONS

**[!] FOUND : [4F] Looks Menu Customization Compendium**

    - If you are getting broken hair colors, install this mod and make sure it loads after LMCC.  
      Mod Link: https://www.nexusmods.com/fallout4/mods/18287?tab=files  
    -----  
### Checking for Important Mods


✔️ Unofficial Fallout 4 Patch is installed!


✔️ Canary Save File Monitor is installed!


✔️ Nvidia Weapon Debris Fix is installed!


✔️ Previs Repair Pack (PRP) is installed!


✔️ High FPS Physics Fix is installed!

### Checking for Plugin-related Errors

* COULDN'T FIND ANY PLUGIN SUSPECTS *

### Checking FormIDs

- Form ID: 000BF967 | [Fallout4.esm] | [PlacedNpcBinaryOverlay_0BF967] | 3

[Last number counts how many times each Form ID shows up in the crash log.]
These Form IDs were caught by Buffout 4 and some of them might be related to this crash.
You can try searching any listed Form IDs in xEdit and see if they lead to relevant records.

### Checking for Named Records

- [0] 0x7FFAE93528A7      cbp.dll+00028A7 | 1
- [1] 0x7FFAE936DC96      cbp.dll+001DC96 | 1
- void* -> cbp.dll+001DC96	cmp byte ptr [rdi+0x04], 0x00) | 1

[Last number counts how many times each Named Record shows up in the crash log.]
These records were caught by Buffout 4 and some of them might be related to this crash.
Named records should give extra info on involved game objects, record types or mod files.

---

### End of Report

Generated by CLASSIC v8.2.0

---

Author/Made By: Poet (guidance.of.grace) | https://discord.gg/DfFYJtt8p4

CONTRIBUTORS | evildarkarchon | kittivelae | AtomicFallout757 | wxMichael

FO4 CLASSIC | https://www.nexusmods.com/fallout4/mods/56255
